50 stars
virgilio having been tested together with federico buffa
even today we make a metaphorical journey we say figuratively virtual in
one
of the states of the American flag one of the 50 stars
that of today
it is a rather curious star because it is probably very little known
attacks there has not been has a name that attracts market attention the usual
Buffalo
federico buffa good morning federico angelo was secular
and I know you don't go there
it's too inconvenient because
and the peaceful north-west to get rid of all the different routes
incoming mail and there are cities
which are called type pucca the hill
it is a place for those who love
fishing
exit and get around by bike
I point out a place called Lake Dardenne
do you count
and in a glacial area
among the then
covered with pine trees
this lake that is truly of a beauty
softener e
visitable on bike paths that will be 20 kilometers
and it is a beautiful experience I must say that even for those who come from the side
more beautiful than the runner I still have to do
how could the Swiss be?
this is a man who, for dimensions, landscape rhythms
it's quite special
the 43rd state of the union its capital
eh a not particularly famous city or town called
Good evening, I think it's really close to the French but I'm not sure about it
walking
it is written in French but has nothing to do with it
and I guess it's not exactly a metropolis. federico
yes it absolutely is not even here life is rather relaxed
on the contrary, you have the feeling that you smell of the back of cut wood
a winter in the hidalgo
It is very symbolic of the United States, but I would like to reiterate this.
extrapolate
it's a wonderful journey
and 'the journey that counts wrote montello nothing arrival there are places of
united states where you want to go and see what happens
- the perfect grand canyon
I point you out though
we are along the river 160 kilometers not very difficult but neither
face you must know that probably go in the adventures in
American nature this is the most quintessentially of all
federico buffa that we remember our audience once again is an expert
a passionate heel
of American basketball sports in particular
boasts of his game bag at least one visit or more visits to all in the states
to all the queen stars of the flag except for the auai this time ever
then you have
you've really been everywhere
but why 1 report to tot arrive in aida or for example I don't know about footsteps
basketball or just to see it
and you have to find a pretext or tie it something sporty I did it for
that cho choated a sports prefect
and why 5 days objectively hated calculation that is little
visited one of the most enchanting places in america
then if you like nature we can also point out that the bird symbol
euro bloodlord day I did not have time to translate what this is
little bird that looks a bit like our passerines
however, you promise me a next opportunity to better clarify in English anyway
the lord club
and the flower the syringe with with the y
I saw a cute flower on the internet but not yet live inna aida opera
ski lovers why
I can handle skiing with so many large American cities - from laipacco
I point out to you the crushing mining town
which is a place
particularly striking is an abandoned xat mining town which
been reopened
you became
important because ernest hemingway that alternated between cuba and them this is the
first part his terraria career
he started writing ketchup
and therefore this town has become a reference point
kind of like a capalbio
for radical chic italy
about writers as hemingway live cities will weigh pound euro
of the rare
natives famo
then the state of the idaho then one
of the great American writers and poets in but will also return
relative henati
of the aida now I have not found other heroes to the action we have never starts to do i
ca tower in my field biricò documents that friends s.
door 61
aa catcher
and if by chance I doubt he sent us but if by chance we want to go
you have to go to the palio nina saludo to that main place of calciom
eat the meat because I know how you would have asked and what it is
giarina hidalgo
aida as the most famous American state for potatoes
meteo.it aosta
the potatoes in the aida photo are so good
keanu york let's say in the delicatessen go out
that is, the area of ​​you gave nitti booon power to the contrary if someone dares
of the yellow paolioli asciano
to the London appearance if we think of cinema again
our ears an author we have already quoted from swan santa grande
American independent author who by no means one of the rare rare films that
have the word ai after delivery right now marione.net
you gave
beautiful and damned tabuto in Italian with
a title that had nothing to do but basically a part of this film
shows league grasslands the green expanses of this was the feud or
another film a but here my memory maybe is fallacious should be the
second American civil war if on hold
because if a film that speaks precisely of a second political fiction
civil war between independent Americans who start their own
from idhao with a parallel army rather interesting joe dante film
in which oo compares ebay if there are Zionists of our times with the army
true of the united states I believe that the editorial staff put them this way
in the state for the escapes that is to flee in aida competitions as some escaped
year ago in i'm to be heard very trend it
that is, going to the other america
a little second sahel line 4 smoke test
I know I am in extreme embarrassment for proflora
when i wanted euro dollar picaro i have no idea what music to put it for
represent the state of the house and then I do so we have already done it
once when we talked about oregon because in the case of van sant ebay
more or less
not born
ivo but let's say original adopini
oregon edporth holland should hear some of the songs from this one
director wanted goodness his heart to take us
in
in the cd and then we hear another song sung by the voices not little
weak but very inter fabregas van sant cost dino rectification back to the years
80 non verbal san fabiano
marco swim